all right I just wanted to take a minute
and show you how easy it is to turn this
and some oil into a candle
then go on the equator you only want to
cut through
the rind
an appeal
we do that
get your thumbs in between
orange peel in the orange all the way
down
without honors here
the other side all the way down so pull
out just fill out this little piece here
cuz that's gonna be your wick and then
you have an orange to eat this is gonna
be your top do that in a second
a little vinegar olive oil
we'll take much
push the wick down in there and let it
sit I gotta let it soak up for a few
moments now on the top here we're gonna
need it to have a bit of a hole air into
it and so it doesn't burn it up
be good to start at least okay and only
polish for a minute while folks
all right let that soak up for a few
moments I just wanna light it I'm gonna
have to hold the flame on it for a few
moments to actually get it to light
fuel
hold on try that again real quick
yeah
oops
should be kid
when this thing is
after it burns for a while it'll dry out
that top kind of cook around the edge of
that hole you know let's just take that
off that bad boy burn all its own
there you go
orange candle
a few more minutes will burn really well
it'll burn for at least an hour
you